Great job.
You did it.
You finished this course and you learn so much about ionic.
You'll learn how it works all the basics how to use its components.
Where to find more about the components how to style your application how to turn it into a native app
and run it on IOW and Android.
How to tap into native device features like the camera.
We're adding Google Apps how to add authentication and so much more.
I can only encourage you to go on go on on this route and build stuff build demo projects set your own
goals clone simplified versions of popular applications and build your own clones with ionic and angular.
So did you have to dive into problems did you face challenges which you can solve with the tools taught
in this course and the resources I show you in the course most importantly the official box of course
that will turn you into a complete ionic developer or a get angular developer though as you already
saw in this course the way you'll learn ionic of course is a way that should allow you to easily apply
that same knowledge to react or view or whatever you want to use with ionic.
With that I hope you like the course and I hope I potentially see you in our courses like my progressive
web of course which is a great next step.
My complete angular course if you want to learn more about that or the standstill and web components
course if you want to learn more about what happened behind the scenes of ionic.